Run the Docker build command:
docker build -t xmlrpc-pipeline:k8s .

Step 2.2: Deploy the Application to Kubernetes
This step instructs Kubernetes to read your configuration file and create all the necessary services and deployments.

In the same terminal, run the kubectl apply command:
kubectl apply -f xmlrpc-pipeline-k8s.yaml
Expected Output: You should see confirmation that 10 objects have been created (5 deployments and 5 services).

Step 2.3: Verify the Deployment
Wait for all the service containers (Pods) to start up and enter a healthy state.

Run the following command to watch the status of the pods:
kubectl get pods -w
Wait until the STATUS for all 5 pods shows Running and the RESTARTS count is 0. This may take a minute.

Once all pods are running, press Ctrl+C to stop watching.

Step 2.4: Find the Master Service Connection Port
Kubernetes exposes the master service on a random high-numbered port (a NodePort). You need to find this port to connect your client.


Run the following command:
kubectl get service master

Look at the PORT(S) column in the output. It will show a mapping like 8005:3XXXX/TCP.
Note down the five-digit number (e.g., 31234). This is your NodePort.

Step 2.5: Configure the Client
Update the client script to connect to the correct NodePort.
Open the client_xmlrpc.py file in a text editor.
Find the line that defines the master_url.
Replace the placeholder port XXXXX with the NodePort you noted in the previous step.
Before: NODE_PORT = "XXXXX"
After (Example): NODE_PORT = "31234"
Save the client_xmlrpc.py file.

Step 2.6: Run the Pipeline
Execute the client script to trigger the pipeline.
In your terminal, run the command:
python client_xmlrpc.py
Expected Output: You will see the fully formatted summary of the pipeline execution, including the final results and the total execution time.

3.0 Cleanup
After you have finished your testing, run the following command to delete all the Kubernetes components associated with this pipeline, leaving your cluster in a clean state.
kubectl delete -f xmlrpc-pipeline-k8s.yaml